Bugfix dx 64278 compilation 24 (#28)
dremio-hub/dremio-hbase-connector: README.md

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/dremio-hub/dremio-hbase-connector.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/dremio-hub/dremio-hbase-connector)

## Compatibility Notice

> As of April 6, 2023, the connector no longer compiles with Dremio OSS versions older than 24.0.0 due to a change in Dremio. Please make sure to use Dremio OSS version 24.0.0 or later if you want to use the Dremio community HBase connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connector is compatible with Dremio versions 24.0 and later.

Use [HBase v1.0.0 connector](https://github.com/dremio-hub/dremio-hbase-connector/releases/tag/v1.0.0) with earlier versions of Dremio.
```
